README.md, before:

# Awesome Magento 2 [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

<h1 align="center">
	<br>
	<img width="300" src="https://github.com/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2/blob/b8c9566e041af1e84b11457adb664dbcadfa842c/media/awesome-magento-logo.png?raw=true" alt="awesome magento2 logo">
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
</h1>

> A curated list of awesome Magento 2 Extensions & Resources

- [What is an awesome list?](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/blob/master/awesome.md)
- [Contribution guide](contributing.md) [![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2/issues)


You might be interested in the [Awesome List for Magento 1](https://github.com/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento) as well.

---

## Contents

- [Tools](#tools)
- [Extensions](#extensions)
- [Blogs](#blogs)
- [Learning](#learning)
- [Platforms](#platforms)
- [Official Resources](#official)

---

- **Tools**
	- [n98-magerun2](http://magerun.net/) - The CLI Swiss Army Knife for Magento 2.
	- [Documentation Search for Alfred](https://github.com/DavidLambauer/Alfred-Workflow-Magento-2-DevDocs-Search) - Easily integrate the official Magento 2 Search into your Alfred Workflows.
	- [Tablerates Generator](https://elgentos.nl/tablerates/) - Generate Tablerates with an online Tool.
	- [Pestle](https://github.com/astorm/pestle) - Code Generation Tool by Alan Storm.
	- [Mage2Gen](https://mage2gen.com/) - Online Module Creator.
	- [Magento 2 Code Generator](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-code-generator) - Code Generator by Juan Alonso.
	
___


- **Open Source Extensions**

	- **Development Utilities**

		- [Config ImportExport](https://github.com/semaio/Magento2-ConfigImportExport) - CLI Based Config Management.
		- [Codesniffer](https://github.com/magento-ecg/coding-standard) - Magento 2 Codesniffer.
		- [Whoops Exceptions](https://github.com/yireo/Yireo_Whoops) - PHP Exceptions for Cool Kids in Magento 2.
		- [Developer Toolbar](https://github.com/mgtcommerce/Mgt_Developertoolbar) - Magento 2 Developer Toolbar.
		- [Advanced Template Hints](https://github.com/ho-nl/magento2-Ho_Templatehints) - Magento 2 Template Hints Helper.	
		- [Magento2 PHPStorm Templates](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-phpstorm-templates) - Live templates for Magento2
		- [Technical Dept Collector](https://github.com/Vinai/m2-tech-debt) - Console Command to aggregates technical debt information on Magento 2 modules into a CSV format by [Vinai Kopp](https://commercehero.io/vinai).
		- [Magento 2 Dockerize](https://github.com/arvatoSCM/dockerize-magento2) - A composer package for dockerizing Magento 2.
		- [Mage2 Vagrant](https://github.com/rgranadino/mage2_vagrant) - Simple Magento 2 Vagrant Box.
		
	- **Deployment**
		- [MageDeploy2](https://github.com/mwr/magedeploy2-base) - Automatic Magento2 Deployments with [robo](http://robo.li/) and [deployer](https://deployer.org/).
		- [Magento 2 Deployment Tool](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-deployment-tool) - Magento2 Deployer by [Juan Alonso](https://commercehero.io/juan.alonso).

	- **Language Packages**

		- [ru_RU](https://packagist.org/packages/etws/magento-language-ru_ru) :ru: - Russian Language Package.
		- [de_DE](https://github.com/splendidinternet/Magento2_German_LocalePack_de_DE) :de: - German Language 	Package.
		- [de_CH](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-language-de-ch) 🇨🇭 - Swiss Language Package.
		- [fr_FR](https://github.com/Imaginaerum/magento2-language-fr-fr) :fr: - French Language Package.
		- [da_DK](https://magentodanmark.dk/) 🇩🇰 - Danish Language Package.
		- [es_ES](https://github.com/eusonlito/magento2-language-es_es) :es: - Spanish Language Package.
		- [it_IT](https://github.com/antoniocarboni/magento2-traduzione-italiana) :it: - Italian Language Package.
		- [nl_NL](https://bitbucket.org/creaminternet/language-nl_nl.git) 🇳🇱 - Dutch Language Package.
		- [pl_PL](https://github.com/SnowdogApps/magento2-pl_pl) 🇵🇱 - Polish Language Package.
		- [tr_TR](https://github.com/hidonet/magento2-language-tr_tr) :tr: - Turkish Language Package.
		- [ro_RO](https://github.com/EaDesgin/magento2-romanian-language-pack) 🇷🇴 - Romanian Language Package.
		- [fi_FL](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-finnish-language-pack) 🇫🇮 - Finnish Language Package.
		- [ko_KR](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-korean-language-pack) 🇰🇷 - Korean Language Package.
		- [sk_SK](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-slovak-language-pack) 🇸🇰 - Slovakian Language Package.
		- [sl_SI](https://github.com/symfony-si/magento2-sl_si) 🇸🇮 - Slovenian Language Package.
	- **Search**
	
		- [Algolia Search Integration](https://github.com/algolia/algoliasearch-magento-2) - Algolia Search(SaaS) Integration.
		- [Elastic Suite Integration](https://github.com/Smile-SA/elasticsuite/) - Elastic Suite Integration.
		- [FastSimpleImport2](https://github.com/firegento/FireGento_FastSimpleImport2) - Wrapper for Magento 2 ImportExport functionality, which imports products and customers from arrays.
		


	- **CMS**

		- [Mageplaza Blog Extension](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-blog-extension) - Simple, but well working Blog Extension.
		- [Bluefoot CMS](https://www.bluefootcms.com/) - CMS Plugin owned by Magento for Magento 2.
		- [PageDesigner](https://github.com/Magenerds/PageDesigner) - Easily create and drag and drop your CMS contents in the Magento Backend.

	- **Marketing**

		- [MagePlaza Seo](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-seo-extension) - Well documented multi purpose SEO Extension.
		- [Magemonkey Mailchimp Integration](https://github.com/ebizmarts/magento2-magemonkey) - Plug & Play Mailchimp Integration.
		- [Magento 2 PDF](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-module-pdf) - PDF Generator based on [wkhtmltopdf](http://wkhtmltopdf.org/).
		
	- **Adminhtml / Backend**
	
		- [Customer Force Login](https://github.com/bitExpert/magento2-force-login) - Login as a Customer for support reasons.
		- [Checkout Tester](https://github.com/yireo/Yireo_CheckoutTester2) - Extension to quickly test Checkout changes.
		- [Firebear Import/Export](https://github.com/firebearstudio/importexport) - Import/Export Improvements for Standard Magento Importer.
		- [staempfli/magento2-module-image-resizer](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-module-image-resizer)
		- [staempfli/magento2-module-spreadsheet](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-module-spreadsheet)


---

- **Proprietary Extensions**

	- [Commercebug Debugging Extension](http://store.pulsestorm.net/products/commerce-bug-3) - A Magento 2 Debug Extension.
	- [Magicento](http://magicento.com/) - [PHPStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/) Plugin to add Magento 2 related functionality.
	- [Kraken.io](https://github.com/kraken-io/kraken-magento) - High Quality Image reduction Service as a SaaS Integration.
		
---

- **Blogs**
	- **Personal Blogs**
		- [Alan Storm](http://alanstorm.com/category/magento-2/)
		- [Marcel Hauri](https://blog.hauri.me/)
		- [Fabian Schmengler](https://www.schmengler-se.de/)
		- [Anna Völkl](http://anna.voelkl.at/)
		- [Rebecca L Troth](http://rebeccatroth.co.uk/)
		- [Alan Kent](https://alankent.me/)
		- [Pierrefay](https://www.pierrefay.com/en/tag/magento2.html)
		- [Ben Marks](http://bhmarks.com/blog/)
		- [James Cowie](http://jamescowie.me/)
	- **Company Blogs**
		- [dev98](https://dev98.de/)
		- [inchoo](http://inchoo.net/category/magento-2/)
		- [Atwix](https://www.atwix.com/blog/)
		- [integer_net blog](https://www.integer-net.com/blog/)
		- [FireBear Studio](https://firebearstudio.com/blog)
		- [Fooman](http://store.fooman.co.nz/blog)
		- [MageComp](https://magecomp.com/blog/category/magento-2/)		
	- **Other**
		- [Max Pronko's Devletter](https://maxpronko.us13.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=1522a03b7b9e6dea003fad97a&id=dc6b454824) - Monthly Development Newsletter.
		- [MageTalk: A Magento Community Podcast](http://magetalk.com/) - Community Podcast by [Kalen Jordan](https://commercehero.io/kalenjordan) and [Phillip Jackson](https://commercehero.io/philwinkle).


---

- **Learning**
	- [Vinai Kopp Mage2Katas](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRFDWo7jTlrpEsJxzc7WyPw)
	- [Max Bucknell Magento 2 Javascript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHxebA-jOSo)
	- [MageTitans Italia 2016](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwB4Uz_0hoVP3Fm_c4HfNPK5JdRD6DIDl)
	- [MageTitans USA/Texas 2016](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwB4Uz_0hoVOLU7LPRNL4lAmJeAv7HQ-b)
	- [MageTitans MCR 2016](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwB4Uz_0hoVMOnBRS49ICbNWOU5jhNNWC)
	- [The Magento 2 Beginner Tutorial Class](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtaXuX0nEZk9eL59JGE3ny-_GAU-z5X5D&utm_content=buffer797bf&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) - Free YouTube Series for learning Magento 2.

---

- **Platforms**

	- [Commercehero.io](https://commercehero.io/) - Finding a good Magento developer just got a whole lot easier.
	- [StackExchange](http://magento.stackexchange.com/) - Q/A Forum.

---

- **Official Resources**

	- [Magento Official Website](https://www.magento.com) - Magento's official Website.
	- [Magento Developer Documentation](http://devdocs.magento.com/) - Official Developer Documentation.
	- [Magento Forum](https://community.magento.com/) - Community Forum by Magento.
	- [Magento Github Repository](https://github.com/magento/magento2) - Github Repository.
	- [Magento PHP CS Fixer](https://github.com/magento/marketplace-eqp) - CS Fixer specific for Magento 2.
	- [Magento Blog](https://blog.magento.com) - Blog Resource by Magento.
	- [Magento Developer Blog](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/bg-p/devblog?nobounce=) - Developer Blog
by Magento.
	- [Magento 2 Code Samples](https://github.com/magento/magento2-samples) - Samples to introduce and demonstrate new technologies in Magento 2.
	- [Magento 2 DevBox](https://github.com/magento/magento2devbox-web) - Dockerbox built by Magento.
	- Magento Masters 2017
	  - [Peter Jaap Blaakmeer](https://commercehero.io/peterjaap) - CTO at [elegantos](https://www.elgentos.nl/)
	  - [Carmen Bremen](https://commercehero.io/neoshops) - Freelancer at [neoshops](http://neoshops.de/)
	  - [Tony Brown](https://commercehero.io/tonegolf71) - Technical Director at [space48](http://www.space48.com/)
	  - [Hirokazu Nishi]()
	  - [Brent Peterson](https://commercehero.io/brentwpeterson)
	  - [Sonja Riesterer](https://commercehero.io/sonja)
	  - [Kristof Ringleff](https://commercehero.io/fooman)
	  - [Alessandro Ronchi](https://commercehero.io/aleron75)
	  - [Matthias Zeis](https://commercehero.io/mzeis)
	  - [Kuba Zwolinski](https://commercehero.io/kuba)
	  - [Gabriel Guarino](https://commercehero.io/guarinomagento)
	  - [Phillip Jackson](https://commercehero.io/philwinkle)
	  - [Sander Mangel](https://commercehero.io/sander)
	  - [Raphael Petrini](https://commercehero.io/raphaelpetrini)
	  - [Fabian Schmengler](https://commercehero.io/schmengler)
	  - [Marius Strajeru](https://commercehero.io/MariusStrajeru)
	  - [Anna Völkl](https://commercehero.io/annavoelkl)
	  - [Ivan Chepurnyi](https://commercehero.io/ivan)
	  - [Vinai Kopp](https://commercehero.io/vinai)
	  - [Jisse Reitsma](https://commercehero.io/jissereitsma)

---

- **Other Magento 2 related Awesome Lists**

	- [Mageres](https://github.com/aleron75/mageres) - Alessandro Ronchi's List of resources for Magento 1 and Magento 2.
	- [Awesome PHP](https://github.com/ziadoz/awesome-php) - A curated List of Awesome PHP Resources.

---

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [David Lambauer](http://davidlambauer.de) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

---

## Support on Beerpay

Open Source is and should be free forever. If you like to special thank a contributor, the best way is to get them a beer! Please also check out the following Acknowledgements.

--- 

Thanks [Anna Völkl](https://github.com/avoelkl) & [Sander Mangel](https://github.com/sandermangel) for collecting all the language packs!

---

Thanks [MageTitans](http://www.magetitans.co.uk/) for sharing the Talks on YouTube.

---

[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2/badge.svg?style=beer-square)](https://beerpay.io/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2)  [![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2/make-wish.svg?style=flat-square)](https://beerpay.io/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2?focus=wish)

Commit message:

Added SnowDog's frontools on the list!

README.md, after:

# Awesome Magento 2 [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

<h1 align="center">
	<br>
	<img width="300" src="https://github.com/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2/blob/b8c9566e041af1e84b11457adb664dbcadfa842c/media/awesome-magento-logo.png?raw=true" alt="awesome magento2 logo">
	<br>
	<br>
	<br>
</h1>

> A curated list of awesome Magento 2 Extensions & Resources

- [What is an awesome list?](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome/blob/master/awesome.md)
- [Contribution guide](contributing.md) [![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2/issues)


You might be interested in the [Awesome List for Magento 1](https://github.com/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento) as well.

---

## Contents

- [Tools](#tools)
- [Extensions](#extensions)
- [Blogs](#blogs)
- [Learning](#learning)
- [Platforms](#platforms)
- [Official Resources](#official)

---

- **Tools**
	- [n98-magerun2](http://magerun.net/) - The CLI Swiss Army Knife for Magento 2.
	- [Documentation Search for Alfred](https://github.com/DavidLambauer/Alfred-Workflow-Magento-2-DevDocs-Search) - Easily integrate the official Magento 2 Search into your Alfred Workflows.
	- [Tablerates Generator](https://elgentos.nl/tablerates/) - Generate Tablerates with an online Tool.
	- [Pestle](https://github.com/astorm/pestle) - Code Generation Tool by Alan Storm.
	- [Mage2Gen](https://mage2gen.com/) - Online Module Creator.
	- [Magento 2 Code Generator](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-code-generator) - Code Generator by Juan Alonso.
	
___


- **Open Source Extensions**

	- **Development Utilities**

		- [Config ImportExport](https://github.com/semaio/Magento2-ConfigImportExport) - CLI Based Config Management.
		- [Codesniffer](https://github.com/magento-ecg/coding-standard) - Magento 2 Codesniffer.
		- [Whoops Exceptions](https://github.com/yireo/Yireo_Whoops) - PHP Exceptions for Cool Kids in Magento 2.
		- [Developer Toolbar](https://github.com/mgtcommerce/Mgt_Developertoolbar) - Magento 2 Developer Toolbar.
		- [Advanced Template Hints](https://github.com/ho-nl/magento2-Ho_Templatehints) - Magento 2 Template Hints Helper.	
		- [Magento2 PHPStorm Templates](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-phpstorm-templates) - Live templates for Magento2
		- [Technical Dept Collector](https://github.com/Vinai/m2-tech-debt) - Console Command to aggregates technical debt information on Magento 2 modules into a CSV format by [Vinai Kopp](https://commercehero.io/vinai).
		- [Magento 2 Dockerize](https://github.com/arvatoSCM/dockerize-magento2) - A composer package for dockerizing Magento 2.
		- [Mage2 Vagrant](https://github.com/rgranadino/mage2_vagrant) - Simple Magento 2 Vagrant Box.
		- [frontools](https://github.com/SnowdogApps/magento2-frontools) - Set of front-end tools for Magento 2, based on Gulp.js.
		
	- **Deployment**
		- [MageDeploy2](https://github.com/mwr/magedeploy2-base) - Automatic Magento2 Deployments with [robo](http://robo.li/) and [deployer](https://deployer.org/).
		- [Magento 2 Deployment Tool](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-deployment-tool) - Magento2 Deployer by [Juan Alonso](https://commercehero.io/juan.alonso).

	- **Language Packages**

		- [ru_RU](https://packagist.org/packages/etws/magento-language-ru_ru) :ru: - Russian Language Package.
		- [de_DE](https://github.com/splendidinternet/Magento2_German_LocalePack_de_DE) :de: - German Language 	Package.
		- [de_CH](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-language-de-ch) 🇨🇭 - Swiss Language Package.
		- [fr_FR](https://github.com/Imaginaerum/magento2-language-fr-fr) :fr: - French Language Package.
		- [da_DK](https://magentodanmark.dk/) 🇩🇰 - Danish Language Package.
		- [es_ES](https://github.com/eusonlito/magento2-language-es_es) :es: - Spanish Language Package.
		- [it_IT](https://github.com/antoniocarboni/magento2-traduzione-italiana) :it: - Italian Language Package.
		- [nl_NL](https://bitbucket.org/creaminternet/language-nl_nl.git) 🇳🇱 - Dutch Language Package.
		- [pl_PL](https://github.com/SnowdogApps/magento2-pl_pl) 🇵🇱 - Polish Language Package.
		- [tr_TR](https://github.com/hidonet/magento2-language-tr_tr) :tr: - Turkish Language Package.
		- [ro_RO](https://github.com/EaDesgin/magento2-romanian-language-pack) 🇷🇴 - Romanian Language Package.
		- [fi_FL](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-finnish-language-pack) 🇫🇮 - Finnish Language Package.
		- [ko_KR](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-korean-language-pack) 🇰🇷 - Korean Language Package.
		- [sk_SK](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-slovak-language-pack) 🇸🇰 - Slovakian Language Package.
		- [sl_SI](https://github.com/symfony-si/magento2-sl_si) 🇸🇮 - Slovenian Language Package.
	- **Search**
	
		- [Algolia Search Integration](https://github.com/algolia/algoliasearch-magento-2) - Algolia Search(SaaS) Integration.
		- [Elastic Suite Integration](https://github.com/Smile-SA/elasticsuite/) - Elastic Suite Integration.
		- [FastSimpleImport2](https://github.com/firegento/FireGento_FastSimpleImport2) - Wrapper for Magento 2 ImportExport functionality, which imports products and customers from arrays.
		


	- **CMS**

		- [Mageplaza Blog Extension](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-blog-extension) - Simple, but well working Blog Extension.
		- [Bluefoot CMS](https://www.bluefootcms.com/) - CMS Plugin owned by Magento for Magento 2.
		- [PageDesigner](https://github.com/Magenerds/PageDesigner) - Easily create and drag and drop your CMS contents in the Magento Backend.

	- **Marketing**

		- [MagePlaza Seo](https://github.com/mageplaza/magento-2-seo-extension) - Well documented multi purpose SEO Extension.
		- [Magemonkey Mailchimp Integration](https://github.com/ebizmarts/magento2-magemonkey) - Plug & Play Mailchimp Integration.
		- [Magento 2 PDF](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-module-pdf) - PDF Generator based on [wkhtmltopdf](http://wkhtmltopdf.org/).
		
	- **Adminhtml / Backend**
	
		- [Customer Force Login](https://github.com/bitExpert/magento2-force-login) - Login as a Customer for support reasons.
		- [Checkout Tester](https://github.com/yireo/Yireo_CheckoutTester2) - Extension to quickly test Checkout changes.
		- [Firebear Import/Export](https://github.com/firebearstudio/importexport) - Import/Export Improvements for Standard Magento Importer.
		- [staempfli/magento2-module-image-resizer](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-module-image-resizer)
		- [staempfli/magento2-module-spreadsheet](https://github.com/staempfli/magento2-module-spreadsheet)


---

- **Proprietary Extensions**

	- [Commercebug Debugging Extension](http://store.pulsestorm.net/products/commerce-bug-3) - A Magento 2 Debug Extension.
	- [Magicento](http://magicento.com/) - [PHPStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/) Plugin to add Magento 2 related functionality.
	- [Kraken.io](https://github.com/kraken-io/kraken-magento) - High Quality Image reduction Service as a SaaS Integration.
		
---

- **Blogs**
	- **Personal Blogs**
		- [Alan Storm](http://alanstorm.com/category/magento-2/)
		- [Marcel Hauri](https://blog.hauri.me/)
		- [Fabian Schmengler](https://www.schmengler-se.de/)
		- [Anna Völkl](http://anna.voelkl.at/)
		- [Rebecca L Troth](http://rebeccatroth.co.uk/)
		- [Alan Kent](https://alankent.me/)
		- [Pierrefay](https://www.pierrefay.com/en/tag/magento2.html)
		- [Ben Marks](http://bhmarks.com/blog/)
		- [James Cowie](http://jamescowie.me/)
	- **Company Blogs**
		- [dev98](https://dev98.de/)
		- [inchoo](http://inchoo.net/category/magento-2/)
		- [Atwix](https://www.atwix.com/blog/)
		- [integer_net blog](https://www.integer-net.com/blog/)
		- [FireBear Studio](https://firebearstudio.com/blog)
		- [Fooman](http://store.fooman.co.nz/blog)
		- [MageComp](https://magecomp.com/blog/category/magento-2/)		
	- **Other**
		- [Max Pronko's Devletter](https://maxpronko.us13.list-manage.com/subscribe/post?u=1522a03b7b9e6dea003fad97a&id=dc6b454824) - Monthly Development Newsletter.
		- [MageTalk: A Magento Community Podcast](http://magetalk.com/) - Community Podcast by [Kalen Jordan](https://commercehero.io/kalenjordan) and [Phillip Jackson](https://commercehero.io/philwinkle).


---

- **Learning**
	- [Vinai Kopp Mage2Katas](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRFDWo7jTlrpEsJxzc7WyPw)
	- [Max Bucknell Magento 2 Javascript](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHxebA-jOSo)
	- [MageTitans Italia 2016](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwB4Uz_0hoVP3Fm_c4HfNPK5JdRD6DIDl)
	- [MageTitans USA/Texas 2016](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwB4Uz_0hoVOLU7LPRNL4lAmJeAv7HQ-b)
	- [MageTitans MCR 2016](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwB4Uz_0hoVMOnBRS49ICbNWOU5jhNNWC)
	- [The Magento 2 Beginner Tutorial Class](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtaXuX0nEZk9eL59JGE3ny-_GAU-z5X5D&utm_content=buffer797bf&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer) - Free YouTube Series for learning Magento 2.

---

- **Platforms**

	- [Commercehero.io](https://commercehero.io/) - Finding a good Magento developer just got a whole lot easier.
	- [StackExchange](http://magento.stackexchange.com/) - Q/A Forum.

---

- **Official Resources**

	- [Magento Official Website](https://www.magento.com) - Magento's official Website.
	- [Magento Developer Documentation](http://devdocs.magento.com/) - Official Developer Documentation.
	- [Magento Forum](https://community.magento.com/) - Community Forum by Magento.
	- [Magento Github Repository](https://github.com/magento/magento2) - Github Repository.
	- [Magento PHP CS Fixer](https://github.com/magento/marketplace-eqp) - CS Fixer specific for Magento 2.
	- [Magento Blog](https://blog.magento.com) - Blog Resource by Magento.
	- [Magento Developer Blog](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-DevBlog/bg-p/devblog?nobounce=) - Developer Blog
by Magento.
	- [Magento 2 Code Samples](https://github.com/magento/magento2-samples) - Samples to introduce and demonstrate new technologies in Magento 2.
	- [Magento 2 DevBox](https://github.com/magento/magento2devbox-web) - Dockerbox built by Magento.
	- Magento Masters 2017
	  - [Peter Jaap Blaakmeer](https://commercehero.io/peterjaap) - CTO at [elegantos](https://www.elgentos.nl/)
	  - [Carmen Bremen](https://commercehero.io/neoshops) - Freelancer at [neoshops](http://neoshops.de/)
	  - [Tony Brown](https://commercehero.io/tonegolf71) - Technical Director at [space48](http://www.space48.com/)
	  - [Hirokazu Nishi]()
	  - [Brent Peterson](https://commercehero.io/brentwpeterson)
	  - [Sonja Riesterer](https://commercehero.io/sonja)
	  - [Kristof Ringleff](https://commercehero.io/fooman)
	  - [Alessandro Ronchi](https://commercehero.io/aleron75)
	  - [Matthias Zeis](https://commercehero.io/mzeis)
	  - [Kuba Zwolinski](https://commercehero.io/kuba)
	  - [Gabriel Guarino](https://commercehero.io/guarinomagento)
	  - [Phillip Jackson](https://commercehero.io/philwinkle)
	  - [Sander Mangel](https://commercehero.io/sander)
	  - [Raphael Petrini](https://commercehero.io/raphaelpetrini)
	  - [Fabian Schmengler](https://commercehero.io/schmengler)
	  - [Marius Strajeru](https://commercehero.io/MariusStrajeru)
	  - [Anna Völkl](https://commercehero.io/annavoelkl)
	  - [Ivan Chepurnyi](https://commercehero.io/ivan)
	  - [Vinai Kopp](https://commercehero.io/vinai)
	  - [Jisse Reitsma](https://commercehero.io/jissereitsma)

---

- **Other Magento 2 related Awesome Lists**

	- [Mageres](https://github.com/aleron75/mageres) - Alessandro Ronchi's List of resources for Magento 1 and Magento 2.
	- [Awesome PHP](https://github.com/ziadoz/awesome-php) - A curated List of Awesome PHP Resources.

---

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [David Lambauer](http://davidlambauer.de) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

---

## Support on Beerpay

Open Source is and should be free forever. If you like to special thank a contributor, the best way is to get them a beer! Please also check out the following Acknowledgements.

--- 

Thanks [Anna Völkl](https://github.com/avoelkl) & [Sander Mangel](https://github.com/sandermangel) for collecting all the language packs!

---

Thanks [MageTitans](http://www.magetitans.co.uk/) for sharing the Talks on YouTube.

---

[![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2/badge.svg?style=beer-square)](https://beerpay.io/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2)  [![Beerpay](https://beerpay.io/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2/make-wish.svg?style=flat-square)](https://beerpay.io/DavidLambauer/awesome-magento2?focus=wish)
